I think it's time to treat myself I'm
sick of telling with trick and she's hot
as hell but she's called in the six six
six a double in the red dress well well
I joined an intern her party has alleged
s instead of lose their respect I'm
catering spec with us this is better
than sex to me more like this pyramids
it's all making sense call my heart
inside of my we smoke kiss this wherever
we go even me hurt me vomit heavy we
promise right flight
don't worry
something like warm summer night please
the time is high just press the light
prepare the car max wanna ride alike of
course plus I got I know it's what I
call them is he gonna make nice
relationship I like to be with just went
I
I can tell you I can take you I can take
you to a different place another world
and girl I promise you y'all have to see
what's next don't worry bout no stress
stress now it's all me something special
here on planet
I can't thank you I can take you I can't
to see what's next
don't worry final stretch it's no it's
too special
you